# GEOS 472 Lab 2: Railway Network in Osaka Prefecture, Japan

Link to map: https://K6221.github.io/GEOS472_lab2/railway.html

Collaborations and reliance on other resources:
I got initial inspiration from https://minitokyo3d.com/, which is a 2.5D map showing railway lines and the real-time position of trains in Tokyo. I also 


Reflective analysis:
My intended audience for the map is a tourist or a newcomer to Osaka, Japan. As Osaka has an extensive public transportation network, they are likely to use public transportation. In Osaka, various types of railway systems exist, such as a monorail, an elevated railway, a subway, and a light rail transit (LRT). Due to the extensiveness and variety of the railway network, many maps like Google Maps often don't reflect the vertical positionality of stations and lines. For example, it is common that the map represents a transit line as it exists on the ground level, although the line is fully underground. I think the vertical positionality is important information for people who visit Osaka for the first time because they might have a hard time finding stations. Hence, I made my map of the railway network that reflects its vertical positionality to foster the spatial understanding of tourists who want to use trains. I originally intended to create a 2.5D-like map that represents the vertical positionality of stations and lines. However, I decided to create a typical 2D map because I think many tourists use their phones to see the map. This is because a 2.5D map is too complex to be used on a phone. I used station (point) and line (line) data as they are the components of railway network data. I reduced the opacity for the lines whose dominant type (either "Underground", "Ground", or "Elevated" based on the frequency of stations' "type") is "Underground" to represent their undergroundness or they are being underground, which can be seen in https://minitokyo3d.com/. I think the difference between less opaque underground lines and ground or elevated lines is obvious, yet it is questionable that people think that less opaque lines represent subways. 

For interactivity, I provide a base map option for users, specifically either a Dark or a Light base map. Although this is true for only me, I found that darker colours are easier to see on a phone screen under outdoor conditions during the daytime. In contrast to my perception, some people may find lighter colours are easier to recognize under the same conditions. In addition, users will see a map not only under such conditions but also under other conditions, therefore I decided to provide an alternative option for the base map. I set the Dark base map as the default to help map readers notice there is a base map option. What I mean by this is that I think that users will look for other base map options as the Dark base map is not widely accepted in a commonly used map like Google Maps. I also created a clear button and decided to place it at the top left of the map as it is far from the users' thumb based on the assumption that people predominantly use their thumb when using a phone. 

Improvable points: overlap stations, overlap lines: 
